docs: update `refine@4` screenshots on `multipart-upload` (#4750)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/advanced-tutorials/upload/multipart-upload.md

    const { data, isLoading } = queryResult;
    const record = data?.data;

    const { data: categoryData, isLoading: categoryIsLoading } =
        RefineCoreUseOne<ICategory>({
            resource: "categories",
            id: record?.category?.id || "",
            queryOptions: {
                enabled: !!record,
            },
        });

    return (
        <RefineAntdShow isLoading={isLoading}>
            <AntdTypography.Title level={5}>Id</AntdTypography.Title>
            <AntdTypography.Text>{record?.id}</AntdTypography.Text>

            <AntdTypography.Title level={5}>
                AntdTypography.Title
            </AntdTypography.Title>
            <AntdTypography.Text>{record?.title}</AntdTypography.Text>

            <AntdTypography.Title level={5}>Category</AntdTypography.Title>
            <AntdTypography.Text>
                {categoryIsLoading ? "Loading..." : categoryData?.data.title}
            </AntdTypography.Text>

            <AntdTypography.Title level={5}>Content</AntdTypography.Title>
            <AntdTypography.Text>{record?.content}</AntdTypography.Text>
        </RefineAntdShow>
    );
};
```

> We will show you how to multipart upload with **refine**.

Reviewer: We will demonstrate how to perform a multipart upload with refine.

                        },
                    ]}
                    notificationProvider={notificationProvider}
                >
                    <Routes>
                        <Route
                            element={
                                <ThemedLayoutV2>
                                    <Outlet />
                                </ThemedLayoutV2>
                            }
                        >
                            <Route index element={<NavigateToResource />} />

                            <Route path="/posts">
                                <Route index element={<PostList />} />
                                <Route path="create" element={<PostCreate />} />
                                <Route path="edit/:id" element={<PostEdit />} />
                                <Route path="show/:id" element={<PostShow />} />
                            </Route>

                            <Route path="*" element={<ErrorComponent />} />
                        </Route>
                    </Routes>
                </Refine>
            </ConfigProvider>
        </BrowserRouter>
    );
};

render(<App />);
```

> What we need now is an upload end-point that accepts multipart uploads. We write this address in the `action` property of the `Upload` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently require an upload endpoint that accepts multipart uploads. This address should be passed into the `action` property of the `Upload` component.
```

                        },
                    ]}
                    notificationProvider={notificationProvider}
                >
                    <Routes>
                        <Route
                            element={
                                <ThemedLayoutV2>
                                    <Outlet />
                                </ThemedLayoutV2>
                            }
                        >
                            <Route index element={<NavigateToResource />} />

                            <Route path="/posts">
                                <Route index element={<PostList />} />
                                <Route path="create" element={<PostCreate />} />
                                <Route path="edit/:id" element={<PostEdit />} />
                                <Route path="show/:id" element={<PostShow />} />
                            </Route>

                            <Route path="*" element={<ErrorComponent />} />
                        </Route>
                    </Routes>
                </Refine>
            </ConfigProvider>
        </BrowserRouter>
    );
};

render(<App />);
```

> A request, like the one below, is sent for edit form.

Reviewer: The request, like the one below, is sent for the edit form
